November 2024 changelog (#2564)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/resources/new_in_doc.md

This page contains recent highlights and notable changes in [[= product_name =]] documentation.

## November 2024

- [AI Actions documentation](ai_actions.md)
- [New `ibexa:user:update-user` command to manage some basic user data from CLI](update_basic_user_data.md)
- [New `IsBookmarked` location criterion](isbookmarked_criterion.md)
- [`IsUserEnabled` is available on Solr and Elastisearch](isuserenabled_criterion.md)
- `4.6.14` and `3.3.41` are out, and documentation is updated accordingly.

> - When searching from the top bar, you may see, at the bottom of the drop-down suggestion list, a link to a page to see more results.

Author: TODO:
- Sort in subsections
- Manage the "new" pills

This page contains recent highlights and notable changes in [[= product_name =]] documentation.

## November 2024

### Infrastructure and maintenance

- Added [v4.6.13 to v4.6.14 update instructions](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/update_and_migration/from_4.6/update_from_4.6/#v4614) which include security fixes.
- Added [v3.3.40 to v3.3.41 update instructions](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/update_and_migration/from_3.3/update_from_3.3/#v3341) which include security fixes.

### Content management

- Added [AI Actions documentation](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/ai_actions/ai_actions/)

### Search

- Added [new `IsBookmarked` location criterion](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/search/criteria_reference/isbookmarked_criterion/)
- [`IsUserEnabled` is now available on Solr and Elastisearch](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/search/criteria_reference/isuserenabled_criterion/)

### Documentation

> - When searching from the top bar, you may see, at the bottom of the drop-down suggestion list, a link to a page to see more results.

Author: ```suggestion
- When searching from the top bar, you may see, at the bottom of the drop-down suggestion list, a link to a page to see more results.

### PHP API

- Added the following new namespaces, interfaces, and classes to the public PHP API:
    - [`Ibexa\Contracts\Core\Validation`](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/api/php_api/php_api_reference/namespaces/ibexa-contracts-core-validation.html) namespace and its descendants
    - [`Ibexa\Contracts\Notifications\SystemNotification`](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/api/php_api/php_api_reference/namespaces/ibexa-contracts-notifications-systemnotification.html) namespace and its descendants
    - [`Ibexa\Contracts\Notifications\Value\Recipent\UserRecipientInterface`](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-Notifications-Value-Recipent-UserRecipientInterface.html)
    - [`Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Values\Product\Query\Criterion\UpdatedAt`](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-ProductCatalog-Values-Product-Query-Criterion-UpdatedAt.html)
    - [`Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\Values\Product\Query\Criterion\UpdatedAtRange`](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-ProductCatalog-Values-Product-Query-Criterion-UpdatedAtRange.html)
    - [`Ibexa\Contracts\ProductCatalog\ProductReferencesResolverStrategy`](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/api/php_api/php_api_reference/classes/Ibexa-Contracts-ProductCatalog-ProductReferencesResolverStrategy.html)
```

This page contains recent highlights and notable changes in [[= product_name =]] documentation.

## November 2024

### Infrastructure and maintenance

- Added [v4.6.13 to v4.6.14 update instructions](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/update_and_migration/from_4.6/update_from_4.6/#v4614) which include security fixes.
- Added [v3.3.40 to v3.3.41 update instructions](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/update_and_migration/from_3.3/update_from_3.3/#v3341) which include security fixes.

### Content management

- Added [AI Actions documentation](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/ai_actions/ai_actions/)

### Search

> - Added [new `IsBookmarked` location criterion](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/search/criteria_reference/isbookmarked_criterion/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New [`IsBookmarked` location criterion](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/search/criteria_reference/isbookmarked_criterion/)
```

- [`IsUserEnabled` is now available on Solr and Elastisearch](https://doc.ibexa.co/en/master/search/criteria_reference/isuserenabled_criterion/)

### Documentation

> - When searching from the top bar, you may see, at the bottom of the drop-down suggestion list, a link to a page to see more results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you search using the top bar, you can see a link to a page with further results at the bottom of the drop-down suggestion list.
```

Author: @julitafalcondusza The link is not always there. Maybe I should add in which condition it appears:
```suggestion
- When you search using the top bar, if there is more than the 10 listed results, you can see a link to a page with further results at the bottom of the drop-down suggestion list.
```

Reviewer: "If there **are** ..."

### PHP API

> - Added the following new namespaces, interfaces, and classes to the public PHP API:

Reviewer: You use "Added (...)" so I think that it's not necessary to add "new" in this sentence. 
It kind of means the same here.

```suggestion
- Added the following namespaces, interfaces, and classes to the public PHP API:
```
